Make Backend Code Challenge Clear (#16)
ZXVentures/code-challenge: backend.md

# Backend Challenge
> *Este arquivo também está disponível em português [aqui](backend_pt.md).*

In Zé we thrive to find our best partner to deliver beverages to our customers, providing the best and fastest service.

> To achieve this our compute fleet deals with GIS objects all the time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this our compute fleet deals with [GIS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geographic_information_system) objects all the time.
```

When programming we try to follow a myriad of coding best practices and patterns (those you can read on books like Clean Code, Clean Architecture, The Pragmatic Programmer, Domain-Driven Design, Microservice Patterns, etc...). 

> Since writing **good code is a must** on our daily basis we expect people that want to join our team think alike. This code challenge is something we designed to find this awesome programmer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since writing **good code is a must** on our daily basis we expect people that want to join our team to think alike. This code challenge is something we designed to find this awesome programmer.
```

## 1. What we want you to do

> We expect you to develop a service that provides an API using REST or GraphQL that can do the three following functionalities and technical requirements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We expect you to develop a service that provides an API using _REST_ or _GraphQL_ that implements the three following features and respects the following technical requirements:
```

### 1.1. Create a partner:
Save in a database a partner defined by **all** the fields represented by the JSON and rules below:
```json
{
  "id": 1, 
  "tradingName": "Adega da Cerveja - Pinheiros",
  "ownerName": "Zé da Silva",
  "document": "1432132123891/0001",
  "coverageArea": { 
    "type": "MultiPolygon", 
    "coordinates": [
      [[[30, 20], [45, 40], [10, 40], [30, 20]]], 
      [[[15, 5], [40, 10], [10, 20], [5, 10], [15, 5]]]
    ]
  },
  "address": { 
    "type": "Point",
    "coordinates": [-46.57421, -21.785741]
  }
}
```

1. The `address` field follows the `GeoJSON Point` format (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoJSON);
2. The `coverageArea` field follows the `GeoJSON MultiPolygon` format (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoJSON);

> 3. The `document` must be a unique field;

Reviewer 2: Should we say that we expect `document` to be either a _CPF_ or a _CNPJ_?

Author: We discussed this already. It is not a "difficult" thing to do (most people — I would — will just import a module and use it) and won't help us distinguish a good developer from a bad developer so let's stick with a simple requirement.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense

> 4. The `id` must be a unique field, but not necessarily an integer;

Reviewer 2: I'm gonna talk based on my own experience with the test here:
I know most (definitely the experienced) backend developers know that accepting the `id` at creation is a bad practice. 
Leaving this item here and having the id in the example document above creates the impression that we expect the candidate to accept this "foreign id" as a parameter.

My suggestion to disambiguate this situation:
- have the `1.1` section be something like "Data schema" or "Partner schema", something like that
  - in this section, and in this section only, we actually show the example json document and tell what we expect for each field (i.e. move it out of the "create a partner section")
- have the "create a partner" section (now it would be `1.2`) just say "save a partner in the database"
  - that way we know that if candidates choose to receive the "foreign id" as a parameter it is by their own design

Author: I agree it can help. What about pushing this to a next release so we have this updated version on production faster? I think this will help to make the schema explicit but I don't think it is a major problem if people store a `foreignId`.

> You can use this [json](files/pdvs.json) file composed of hundreds of partner information to test your application.

Reviewer 2: Again, from my own experience with the test:

From the text, as it is written, the `pdvs.json` file is supposed to be used only as a guide. I think we can be more emphatic here and go as far as saying "we do not expect these documents to be pre loaded in the database [etc, etc]" or something like that.

Otherwise, if we do expect the documents in the example file to actually be loaded to the database during deploy (or any other process) we have to state it somewhere (perhaps in the "technical requirements" section) that it is a requirement.

Reviewer 3: Also, there are some kinked polygons, and perhaps the candidate will have to do some logic in order to add them to the database.

Author: Good point, guys!
Also, we can make a new pdvs.json on a new PR 😃

Below, you can have a look at how these partners might be represented in a map:
![Partners in map](files/images/pdvs.png)

### 1.2. Load partner by id:
Return a specific partner by its `id` with all the fields presented above.

### 1.3. Search partner:
Given a specific location (coordinates `long` and `lat`), search the **nearest** partner **which the coverage area includes** the location.

### 1.4. Technical Requirements:

> * The programming language and the database engine it is entirely up to you;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The programming language and the database engine are entirely up to you;
```

or 
```suggestion
* It's up to you to choose both programming language and database engine
```

* Your project must be **cross-platform**;
* Provide a documentation (README.md) file explaining how to execute your service **locally** and how to deploy it (*focus on simplicity, and don't forget that we should test your service on our own, without further assistance*).

## Evaluation Method

> We will evaluate your code challenge based on some system quality attributes (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_system_quality_attributes).

Reviewer 4: 👍

> Some we consider a must-have, like **correctness**, and will be evaluated on a boolean (works/follows or not) approach.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some we consider a must-have, like **correctness**, and will be evaluated on a binary (works/follows or not) approach.
```

Author: I was looking for this! My head could only remember of bool

# Backend Challenge
> *Este arquivo também está disponível em português [aqui](backend_pt.md).*

> In Zé we thrieve to find our best partner to delivery beverages to our customers, providing the best and fastest servce.

Reviewer 5: typo* service

To achieve this our compute fleet deal with GIS objects all the time.

> When programming we try to follow a myrad of codding best practice and patterns (those you can read on books like Clean Code, Clean Arquitecture, The Pragmatic Programmer, Domain Driven Design, Microservice Patterns, etc...). 

Reviewer 6: typo **myriad**
typo **coding**

> Since writing **good code is a must** on our daily basis we expect people that want to join our team think alike. This code challange is something we designed to find this awesome programmers.

Reviewer 6: typo **challenge**

    "coordinates": [
      [[[30, 20], [45, 40], [10, 40], [30, 20]]], 
      [[[15, 5], [40, 10], [10, 20], [5, 10], [15, 5]]]
    ]
  },
  "address": { 
    "type": "Point",
    "coordinates": [-46.57421, -21.785741]
  }
}
```

1. The `address` field follows the `GeoJSON Point` format (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoJSON);
2. The `coverageArea` field follows the `GeoJSON MultiPolygon` format (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GeoJSON);
3. The `document` must be a unique field;
4. The `id` must be a unique field;

You can use this [json](files/pdvs.json) file composed of hundreds of partners information to test your application.
Below, you can have a look on how these partners might be represented in a map:
![Partners in map](files/images/pdvs.png)

### 1.2. Load partner by id:
Return a specific partner by its `id` with all the fields presented above.

### 1.3. Search partner:
Given a specific location (coordinates `lng` and `lat`), search the **nearest** partner **which the coverage area includes** the location.

### 1.4. Technical Requirements:
* The programming language and the database engine it is entirely up to you;
* Your project must be **cross-platform**;

> * Provide a documentation (README.md) file explaining how how to execute your service **locally** and how to deploy it (*focus on simplicity, and don't forget that we should test your service on our own, without further assistance*).

Reviewer 6: one **how** left over

## Evaluation Method

> We will evaluate your code challenge based on some *ilities.

Reviewer 6: Nice

Some we consider a must have, like **correctness** and will be evaluated on a boolean (works/follows or not) approach.
The others, since they are not that objective, will be evaluated by more then one developer and on a scale from 1 to 10.
This are all the *ilities that we expect you adress:
- **Correctness:** Your code must follow **all** the requirements presented on item [1.](#1-what-we-want-you-to-do);
- **Performance:** The more partners you can handle and the fastes you can query the best;
- **Testability:** How tested and how easy is to add tests to your code;
- **Maintanability:** How easy to add extra features to your code;
- **Separation of concerns:** (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns)

> - **Software engineering**<!-- TODO: O que queremos dizer com isso?-->

Reviewer 6: the portuguese wikipedia page has a better definition than the english version. [Engenharia de software](https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Engenharia_de_software)

Reviewer 6: that article is pretty cool: [What is Software Engineering? Definition, Basics, Characteristics](https://www.guru99.com/what-is-software-engineering.html)

* Your project must be **cross-platform**;
* Provide a documentation (README.md) file explaining how to execute your service **locally** and how to deploy it (*focus on simplicity, and don't forget that we should test your service on our own, without further assistance*).

## Evaluation Method

We will evaluate your code challenge based on some *ilities.
Some we consider a must-have, like **correctness**, and will be evaluated on a boolean (works/follows or not) approach.
The others, since they are not that objective, will be evaluated by more than one developer and on a scale from 1 to 10.
These are all the *ilities that we expect you address:
- **Correctness:** Your code must follow **all** the requirements presented on item [1.](#1-what-we-want-you-to-do);
- **Performance:** The more partners you can handle and the fastest you can query the best;
- **Testability:** How tested and how easy is to add tests to your code;
- **Maintainability:** How easy to add extra features to your code;
- **Separation of concerns:** (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns)
- **Software engineering**<!-- TODO: O que queremos dizer com isso?-->

## How to deliver it

> - Use Github private repositories to host your code and add @ze-engineering-code-challenge as a collaborator for it.

Reviewer 7: I think we should explicit ask candidate to turn the repository private
